fix node install windows docs (#9070)
thepracticaldev/dev.to: docs/installation/windows.md

curl -fsSL https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv-installer/raw/master/bin/rbenv-doctor | bash
```

### Installing nvm

As a pre-requisite to install Rails, we're going to need to install a JavaScript

> runtime like Node.js. [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) is a Node.js version

Reviewer: I would change this wording up a little bit since we need Node.js, not a runtime like it.

`As a pre-requisite to install Rails, Node.js needs to be installed.`

manager that helps a developer select a specific Node.js version for
development.

> To install `nvm`, run the `curl` or `wget` command outlined under
> [Install & Update Script - nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#install--update-script).
> Be sure to reload the shell with the command `exec $SHELL` after the
> installation is complete.
> 
> Run the following command to verify `nvm` installation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install `nvm`, follow the instructions outlined in the [official nvm documentation](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#install--update-script).

Be sure to reload the shell with the command `exec $SHELL` after the
installation is complete.

Run the following command to verify that `nvm` is installed:
```

echo "deb https://dl.yarnpkg.com/debian/ stable main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/yarn.list
```

Since we do not have `Node.js` installed yet, we will be installing Yarn without
the default `Node.js` with the following command:

```shell
sudo apt update && sudo apt install --no-install-recommends yarn
```

> Make sure that Yarn is installed with the command `yarn -v`. It should print

Reviewer: I imagine this is just a warning? At this point, yarn is installed, just that it won't work until we nvm install, correct?

Author: Yes, it is! It will just print the warning. I will change the sentence to become explicit about that.
